Allow to specify granularity for partition querying (#257)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/USER_GUIDE.md

4. Select a **Query Executor Type** then choose the **Database** and **Table**
   in your data catalog which describes the target data in S3. A list of columns
   will be displayed for the chosen Table.
5. From the Partition Keys list, select the partition key(s) that you want the
   solution to use when generating the queries. If you select none, only one
   query will be performed for the data mapper. If you select any or all, you'll

>    have a bigger number of smaller queries (the same query will be repeated with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   have a greater number of smaller queries (the same query will be repeated with
```

   a `WHERE` additional clause for each combination of partition values). If you

>    have a lot of small partitions, you may choose none or few partition keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   have a lot of small partitions, it may be more efficient to choose none or a subset of partition keys
```

Reviewer: we should probably say why this is the case too

>    from the list. If instead you have very big partitions you may want to select

Reviewer: same as above, probably want to say it may be more efficient

Author: Done, I added an example too.
